Message| Cause | What does the program do | What you can do
--- | --- | --- | ---
Bot is not connected | The telegram logging function is called before the bot being initialized (or the init function failed strangely) | Does not log messages to telegram | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not backtrack on folders | Could not return to the parent folder, maybe because the website structure has changed | Stops exploring that folder. Might raise some "Could not find some folders" errors or download files in wrong directories | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug. If some files are downloaded after this error, check if they are in the correct folder
Could not connect to Portale | When opening didattica.polito.it, the program received an error message | Quits | Check if the Portale della Didattica is offline. If not, please report a bug
Could not download `file`| Some time after pressing the download button, the temporary download folder was still empty | Stops considering that file. If download starts later, this might cause other problems | If some files have been downloaded after this error, check their integrity. Try to run the program again. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find complete name for `file`| File name is truncated in the Portale table, and could not find the complete name | Ignores that file | If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find download button for `file`| Could not find in the Portale the button to download that file | Ignores that file | If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find files in the folder | Could not retrieve the list of files in a folder, probably due to a change in the Portale structure or a short waiting time | Ignores the folder where the problem occurred | Try to run the program again later. Try to increase your `waitTime` in the settings. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find folders in the material table | Could not retrieve the list of subfolders in a folder, probably due to a change in the Portale structure or a short waiting time | Ignores the folder where the problem occurred | Try to run the program again later. Try to increase your `waitTime` in the settings. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find login button | The website structure might have changed | Quits | If the problem persists, report the bug (if not yet reported)
Could not find password login field| The website structure might have changed | Quits | If the problem persists, report the bug (if not yet reported)
Could not find some files | The number of files in a Portale folder changed, probably due to slow website loading | Ignores the file that was being checked while the problem occurred | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find some folders | The number of subfolders in a Portale folder changed, probably due to slow website loading | Ignores the remaining subfolders in the folder that raised the problem | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find the material table | The table of files and folders in a course is missing, probably due to slow website loading, or a website structure change | Ignores the subfolder where the problem occurred | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find the tab "Materiale didattico"| When opening a course page, could not find the "Materiale didattico" tab, maybe because the website structure has changed | Ignores that course | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find the tab "Materiale"| When opening a course page, could not find the "Materiale" tab, maybe because the website structure has changed | Ignores that course | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find upload date for `file`| Could not find in the Portale the date of upload for that file | Ignores that file | If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not find username login field| The website structure might have changed | Quits | If the problem persists, report the bug (if not yet reported)
Could not install extension | Firefox could not load the "Polito.it utility" extension | Quits | Check that the program was either launched from the folder where the code is, or it was given the code folder as a parameter
Could not load courses from the Portale | The website structure might have changed, or the waiting time might be too short | Quits | Try to increase your `waitTime` in the settings. If the problem persists, report the bug (if not yet reported)
Could not move `file` to the correct folder. Deleting it | The file has been downloaded to the temporary folder, but could not be moved in its correct location, thus will be deleted | Removes the file from the temporary folder and does not move it into the correct folder | The moving process might have started, then failed: if there is the file in the correct folder, check if it is complete. If not, delete it and try running the program again. If the problem persists, please report a bug. 
Could not move `file` to the 'moveDest' folder. Skipping it | The program tried to move the file to the 'moveDest' folder, but could not | Leave the old file there, and not update it | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, manually move or delete the file.
Could not open Firefox | Firefox could not be launched | Quits | Check that Firefox is installed on your machine
Could not open folder `folder` | Could not find the clickable element to open that folder, maybe because the website structure has changed | Ignores that folder and all its nested items | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Could not send telegram message | Unable to send the telegram message, for any reasons | Does not send the message | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
Error in the bot connection | Could not create a connection to the telegram bot with the given token | Quits | Check your telegram bot token, or set telegram mode as `nothing`
`course` not found | A course requested in the settings file could not be found in the courses list in the Portale | Does not download files for that course | Check spelling for the course in the settings file. Check that you inserted the correct course name in the settings file
Error while authenticating to the Portale | Password might be wrong, or the website might ask to change the password | Quits | Check if password is correct, or if the Portale is requesting you to change the password
Error while working on `folder` | Some general error (not among the other cases) occurred while working on that folder | Ignores that folder and all its child items | Try to run the program again later. If the problem persists, please report a bug
`expression` is not a valid regex, will be deleted | The expression is not considered a valid regex | Ignores the expression | Check your regex syntax
Invalid course folder name: `folder` | The folder you entered as main course folder is not an accepted folder name | Ignores the course | Change the course folder name by adding or changing a rule in the `coursesRenaming` setting
Invalid ignore file formatting | The format of the ignore file is not correct | Ignores the course | Check that your ignore file is compliant with what explained [here](SETTINGS.md)
Invalid renaming file formatting | The format of the renaming file is not correct | Ignores the course | Check that your renaming file is compliant with what explained [here](SETTINGS.md)
Setting `setting` is incorrect | That setting is of wrong data type (such as a boolean value inserted in quotes, as if it was a string) | Quits | Check that your `settings.yaml` is compliant with what explained [here](SETTINGS.md)
Setting `setting` is missing | That setting is not present in your `settings.yaml` file | Quits | Check that your `settings.yaml` is compliant with what explained [here](SETTINGS.md)
Your operating system (`OS`) is not is not recognised | Either some code problems occurred, or your operating system is not currently supported | Quits | Open a bug report
